George Brown College of Applied Arts and Technology is a public, fully accredited college of applied arts and technology with three full campuses in downtown Toronto (Ontario, Canada).

George Brown offers a wide variety of programs in art and design, business, community services, early childhood education, construction and engineering technologies, health sciences, hospitality and culinary arts, preparatory studies, as well as specialized programs and services for recent immigrants and international students.

The college offers 35 diploma programs, 31 advanced diploma programs as well as eight degree programs, one in conjunction with Ryerson University. The college offers the following degrees:

Bachelor of Interpretation – American Sign Language – English
Bachelor of Applied Arts – Early Childhood Leadership
Early Childhood Education (Consecutive Diploma/Degree)
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Bachelor of Commerce – Financial Services
Bachelor of Commerce – Culinary Management
Bachelor of Applied Business – Hospitality Operations
Bachelor of Technology – Construction Management

Casa Loma campus
Casa Loma campus is situated on the stretch of Kendal Ave. between Davenport Rd. and MacPherson Ave.
Nearby features include Casa Loma, and the City of Toronto Archives. The campus itself is a collection of five buildings.

St. James campus
St. James campus consists of five buildings. The first is a large brick building at 200 King St. E.
The second and third are located at 290 and 300 Adelaide St. East and are connected.
They are home to Financial services, Creative Arts, Business Administration and the faculty of Centre for Hospitality and Culinary Arts.
This campus is where the chef school is located.

Waterfront campus
In September 2012, George Brown opened the Waterfront Campus located at 51 Dockside Drive, south of Queen's Quay between Jarvis and Parliament Streets (between Corus Quay and Redpath Sugar Refinery).
This campus is home to the Centre for Health Sciences. It also has a residence building that is the former 2015 Pan American Games Athletes' Village.

Ryerson University campus
This associate campus is in the Sally Horsfall Eaton building (SHE building) at Ryerson University. The address is 99 Gerrard St. E.
George Brown also has classes from the Early Childhood Education, Early Childhood Assistant and Activation Coordinator Gerontology programs at the Sally Horsfall Eaton (SHE) Building at Ryerson (located at the corner of Gould St and Mutual St.)

Sports
The school's team name is the Huskies, and varsity sports include:

- Badminton
- Baseball
- Cross Country
- Soccer
- Indoor Soccer
- Volleyball
- Basketball
