The DevOps methodology is the newcomer to the SDLC scene.
It emerged from two trends: the application of Agile and Lean practices to operations work,
and the general shift in business toward seeing the value of collaboration between development and operations staff at all stages of the SDLC process.

Continuous integration is a coding philosophy and set of practices that drive development teams to implement small changes and check in code to version control repositories frequently.
Because most modern applications require developing code in different platforms and tools, the team needs a mechanism to integrate and validate its changes.

CI/CD is one of the best practices for devops teams to implement.
It is also an agile methodology best practice, as it enables software development teams to focus on meeting business requirements, code quality, and security because deployment steps are automated.


SDLC stands for a process which throws light on the development, design, and even maintenance of the software project, making sure that all the functional and other user requirements are met. This methodology ensures the improvement of the quality of the software project and the whole process of development of software.

SDLC has four phases:
1. Requirement Gathering & Analysis Phase: This is the first and vital phase of SDLC, which is for the success of software.
   This is a typical phase where there is communication between various stakeholders of the project team as various requirements are gathered from the clients.

2. Design Phase: The design of the architecture is proposed for the project and is further caught in a design document.

3. Development Phase: Being the longest project this forms an important step, as here the actual project is both developed and erected.

4. Testing Phase: This strategy of testing is seen in almost all stages of SDLC but in this phase testing only refers to the practice where bugs and other defects of the system are reported, found and then corrected.
   The whole project is shifted to a particular test environment, and many different types of testing processes are taken up like functional, system, integration, and acceptance testing.

4.1 Maintenance Phase: Once the system undergoes testing, it will go live. The system is first restricted to a limited user and then finally tested in a real business environment for UAT.

Devops is particularly useful in phases 3-4.1 as errors etc are caught much faster when making use of CI/CD.
